You: Hi, Jason. Thank you for meeting with me.
Jason: No problem. What do you need?
You: I just wanted to talk to you about the HRIT System and
make sure we have everything you need to support the project.
Jason: Actually, I don’t. Ever since the mix-up with the pay data,
no one on the working group takes me seriously. I don’t even want to
be a part of it anymore, to be honest, but I really don’t have a choice.
You: I want you to know that I don’t blame you for the pay data.
Everyone makes mistakes, and it was an easy fix! We value your expertise and
perspective as a part of the team, and I apologize if it doesn’t feel that way.
Is there anything I can do to change your mind?
Jason: Actually, I’m surprised you’re not still upset about the data.
Would you be able to attend the next working group meeting and vouch that the new
pay data is accurate? I triple-checked it before we loaded it into the system.
You: Consider it done.